=head1 Black Hole Generator Methods

Black Hole Generator is accessible via the URL C</blackholegenerator>.

The list of methods below represents changes and additions to the methods that all L<Buildings> share.

=head2 view ( session_id, building_id )

This method is extended to include the list of tasks.

 {
    "status" : { ... },
    "building" : { ... },
    "tasks" : [
       {
          "base_fail" : 15,  #Note, range is not factored in.
          "min_level" : 10,
          "name" : "Make Asteroid",
          "occupied" : 0,
          "recovery" : 129600,
          "side_chance" : 10,
          "types" : [
             "habitable planet",
             "gas giant"
          ],
          "waste_cost" : 50000000
          "reason" : "You can only make an asteroid from a planet."
       },...
    ],
    "task_options" : {
        "asteroid_types" : [
            1,
            2,
            ...
            26
        ],
        "planet_types" : [
            1,
            2,
            ...
            40
        ],
        "zones" : [
            "-5|-5",
            "-5|-4",
            ...
            "5|5"
        ]
    }
 }



=head2 generate_singularity 

Note: this method call now supports both the fixed argument list and the new
named argument call method (to be introduced into V4.000). For backwards compatibility
the original fixed argument list will continue to be supported but will not support 
any new arguments (in this case the subsidize option). You will need to use the named
argument calling convention if you want to subsidize the BHG and achieve 'perfection'.

=head3 fixed argument list (original calling method)

  session_id, building_id, target, task_name, [ params ]

=head3 named arguments

  {
    "session_id"    : "329da49c-7e88-4897-9d8c-3e5f6309d9b7",
    "building_id"   : 124333,
    "target"        : { "body_name" : "mars" },
    "task_name"     : "Change Type",
    "params"        : { "newtype" : 33 },
    "subsidize"     : 1
  }

Note that named arguments can be in any order. If optional then they can be omitted
the C<subsidize> argument will cost E to achieve 'perfection' of 100% reliability, if
omitted then you accept the risk of failure.


Returns success, failure, and side effect results.

 {
    "status" : { ... },
    "fail" : { ... },
    "side" : { ... },
    "target" : {
        "class" : "Lacuna::DB::Result::Map::Body::Asteroid::A2",
        "id" : "body id",
        "name" : "name of planet effected",
        "old_class" : "Lacuna::DB::Result::Map::Body::Planet::P9",
        "old_size" : Size before change,
        "message" : "Made Asteroid",
        "size" : Size of body after effect
        "type" : "asteroid", "gas giant", "habitable planet", or "space station"
        "variance" : -1, 0, or 1
        "waste" : "Zero", "Random", or "Filled"
    }
 }

Not all fields are used for every result or task.

Throws 1002, 1009, 1010, 1013

Failure rates for the Blackhole Generator increases with range.

Side Effects happen fairly random, but occur more often the more difficult the task.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 building_id

The unique id of your Black Hole Generator.

=head3 target

A hash reference that can contain one of three items to identify a body.

 { "body_name" : "Earth" }
 { "body_id" : "id-goes-here" }
 { "x" : 4, "y" : -3 }

=head4 body_name

A string with the body's name. Case insensitive, but will throw an exception for misspelling.

=head4 body_id

The unique id of the body.

=head4 x | y

A set of x,y coordinates to locate the star or body.

=head4 star_name

A string with the star's name. Case insensitive, but will throw an exception for misspelling.

=head4 star_id

The unique id of the star.

=head4 orbit

If star_name or star_id are given, an extra "orbit" parameter is allowed.
This allows easier specifying of unoccupied orbits.  If not given, then
the target remains the star, otherwise the target is the given position,
whether occupied or not, about the given star.

=head4 zone

Zone name as a target.  ie: '-1|4' ; Only useful for Jump Zone.

=head3 task_name

=over

=item Make Asteroid

Can convert any non-inhabited planet to a random asteroid.  Initial size is determined by level of BHG. Usable at Black Hole Generator level 10.

=item Make Planet

Can convert any non-inhabited asteroid (no platforms) to a size 30 planet of random type.  Usable at Black Hole Generator level 15.

=item Increase Size

Can increase the size of a habitable planet up to size 65 or an asteroid up to size 10. Usable at Black Hole Generator level 20.

=item Change Type

Can change the type of a habitable planet to any of the basic 40 types. Usable at Black Hole Generator level 25.

Only allowed to change occupied planets that share your alliance.

=item Swap Places

Can swap places with another body within range. Usable at Black Hole Generator level 30.

=item Jump Zone

Target is a zone, BHG planet swaps with a random unoccupied habitable in target zone. Usable at level 15.

=item Move System

Moves entire system of bodies to target star. Moves bodies at target star to origin.  Target star needs to not be occupied by another alliance and not seized by another alliance.

=back

=head3 params

Optional hash reference only used for Change Type that looks like this:

  { "newtype" : 20 }

=head2 get_actions_for ( session_id, building_id, target )

Returns status and task list with success percentage for defined target.

 {
    "status" : { ... },
    "building" : { ... },
    "tasks" : [
       {
          "base_fail" : 15,
          "body_id" : 973213,
          "dist" : 134.40,
          "min_level" : 10,
          "name" : "Make Asteroid",
          "occupied" : 0,
          "range" : 150,
          "reason" : "You can only make an asteroid from a planet."
          "recovery" : 129600,
          "side_chance" : 25,
          "success" : 50,
          "essentia_cost" : 0,
          "throw" : 1009,
          "types" : [
             "habitable planet",
             "gas giant"
          ],
          "waste_cost" : 50000000
       },...
    ]
 }

Options are as described for generate_singularity

B<cost> is the amount in Essentia which will make the task 'perfect' (i.e. 100% success) the lower
the probability of success, the higher the cost. The minimum is 2E.

If B<name> is B<Change Type>, a B<body_type> parameter is provided which will be either
B<asteroid> or B<habitable planet>.

If the chance of success is zero, then no amount of Essentia will make it succeed.


=head2 subsidize_cooldown ( session_id, building_id )

Will spend 2 essentia to cool down the BHG immediately. Returns C<view>.

Throws 1011.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 building_id

The unique id of the Black Hole Generator.

=cut
