=head1 Buildings

This is a list of the buildings that are accessible via this API:

=over

=item L<PlanetaryCommand>

=back

=head1 Building Methods

All buildings have some methods in common. This is a description of the methods available from each building.

=head2 view ( session_id, building_id )

Retrieves the properties of the building.

 {
    "building" : {
        "name" : "Planetary Command",
        "image" : "planetary-command",
        "level" : 6,
        "can_upgrade" : 0,
        "x" : 0,
        "y", 0,
        "food_hour" : 500,
        "energy_hour" : -44,
        "ore_hour" : -310,
        "water_hour" : -100,
        "waste_hour" : 33,
        "happiness_hour" : 0,
        "time_left_on_build" : 0,
        "upgrade" : {
            "can" : 1,
            "cost" : {
                "food" : 500,
                "water" : 500,
                "energy" : 500,
                "waste" : 500,
                "ore" : 1000,
                "time" : 1200,
            },
            "production" : {
                "food_hour" : 1500,
                "energy_hour" : -144,
                "ore_hour" : -1310,
                "water_hour" : -1100,
                "waste_hour" : 133,
                "happiness_hour" : 0,
            }
    },
    "status" : { ... }
 }

Throws 1002 and 1010.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 building_id

The id of the building you wish to retrieve.



=head2 upgrade ( session_id, building_id )

Adds the requested upgrade to the build queue.

 { 
    "success" : 1,
    "status" : { ... }
 } 

Throws 1002, 1010, 1011, and 1012.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 building_id

The id of the building you wish to retrieve.

=head1 Building Types

Below is a list of the different types of structures that can be built on planets in Lacuna. They all share the above methods, but many have additional methods available.

=over

=item L<Algae>

=item L<Apple>

=item L<Bean>

=item L<Beeldeban>

=item L<Bread>

=item L<Burger>

=item L<Cheese>

=item L<Chip>

=item L<Cider>

=item L<Corn>

=item L<CornMeal>

=item L<Crater>

=item L<Dairy>

=item L<Denton>

=item L<Development>

=item L<Embassy>

=item L<EnergyReserve>

=item L<Entertainment>

=item L<Espionage>

=item L<Fission>

=item L<FoodReserve>

=item L<Fusion>

=item L<GasGiantLab>

=item L<GasGiantPlatform>

=item L<Geo>

=item L<Hydrocarbon>

=item L<Intelligence>

=item L<Lake>

=item L<Lapis>

=item L<Malcud>

=item L<Mine>

=item L<MiningMinistry>

=item L<MiningPlatform>

=item L<Network19>

=item L<Observatory>

=item L<OreRefinery>

=item L<OreStorage>

=item L<Pancake>

=item L<Park>

=item L<Pie>

=item L<PlanetaryCommand>

=item L<Potato>

=item L<Propulsion>

=item L<RND>

=item L<RockyOutcrop>

=item L<Security>

=item L<Shake>

=item L<Shipyard>

=item L<Singularity>

=item L<Soup>

=item L<SpacePort>

=item L<Syrup>

=item L<TerraformingLab>

=item L<TerraformingPlatform>

=item L<Trade>

=item L<Transporter>

=item L<University>

=item L<WasteEnergy>

=item L<WasteRecycling>

=item L<WasteSequestration>

=item L<WasteTreatment>

=item L<WaterProduction>

=item L<WaterPurification>

=item L<WaterReclamation>

=item L<WaterStorage>

=item L<Wheat>

=back

=cut
