
=head1 Founding an empire.

Founding an empire is done in one step using the C<create> method.

=head1 Empire Methods

The following methods are available from C</empire>.


=head2 is_name_available

  {
    "name"      : "My Empire"
  }

=head3 name

The name of the empire to check.

=head3 RESPONSE

Throws 1000 (Name not available)

If the name is valid and available it returns

  {
    "available"    : 1
  }


=head2 login

Accepts a hash of named arguments.

  {
    "name"      : "my_empire",
    "password"  : "highly_secret",
    "api_key"   : "3564d04f-8c36-4717-aa8d-e680502e0ed5",
  }

=head3 name (required)

Either the name of your empire, or the numeric ID of your empire.

=head3 password (required)

The password can either be your main password, or your sitter password. (don't share
your main password with anyone)

=head3 api_key (required)

Your client's unique API key, identifiying it from all other clients. See L<ApiKeys> for details.

=head3 RETURNS

If your credentials are correct, it returns the following.

 {
    "session_id"    : "3564d04f-8c36-4717-aa8d-e680502e0ed5",
    "status"        : { ... }
 }

B<NOTE:> Once established, this session will stick around for up to 2 hours of inactivity. 
Therefore, you need not login again if you still have a valid session.

Throws 1004 and 1005.



=head2 logout

  {
    "session_id"    : "242d-967f-4fb7-8056-898638f44f7b"
  }

Throws 1006.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 RETURNS

  {
    "logout"    : "1"
  }



=head2 fetch_captcha

Captchas are required for a number of purposes, including the call to the C<create>
method. Display the resulting captcha in your form and then call C<create> with 
the user's response.

=head3 RETURNS

  {
    "guid" : "id-goes-here",
    "url" : "'https://extras.lacunaexpanse.com.s3.amazonaws.com/captcha/id/id-goes-here.png" 
  }



=head2 create 

Creates a new empire and then returns an empire_id.
 
This is not the end of the story though. Then you must either create a 
C<update_species> for this empire and then C<found> it, or just skip the 
species part and C<found> the empire.

Throws 1000, 1001, 1002, and 1014.

B<NOTE:> If either C<captcha_guid> or C<captcha_solution> don't match what 
the server is expecting it will throw a 1014 error, and the data portion 
of the error message will contain new captcha information. You must use 
this. A captcha cannot be used more than once.

Accepts a hash of named arguments

  {
    "name"              : "My Empire",
    "password"          : "Top S3crut",
    "password1"         : "Top S3crut",
    "captcha_guid"      : "e54caa40-730c-46d2-b002-244e27b055c6",
    "captcha_solution"  : "-5",
    "email"             : "me@mydomain.com",
    "facebook_uid"      : "",
    "facebook_token"    : "",
    "invite_code"       : "aca948e0-1468-3a51-9f2e-c688a484efd7"
  }

=head3 name

The name of the empire to create. Required.

=head3 password

The password to log in to the empire. Must be between 6 and 30 characters. 
Required unless you have a valid C<facebook_uid> and C<facebook_token>. 
Still recommended even if you are authenticating using Facebook.

=head3 password1

Retyping the password again. This must match C<password> to succeed.

=head3 captcha_guid

This must match the C<guid> field returned by the C<fetch_captcha> method. 
Required.

=head3 captcha_solution

This is the text typed in by the user as the solution of the captcha. 
Required.

=head3 email

The user's email address. It is not required, but is used for system vital 
functions like password recovery.

=head3 facebook_uid

A Facebook user id passed in through Lacuna's Facebook integration system. 
Optional, but required with the use of C<facebook_token>.

=head3 facebook_token

A Facebook access token passed in through Lacuna's Facebook integration 
system. Optional, but required with the use of C<facebook_uid>.

=head3 invite_code

A 36 character code that was sent to the user by a friend. It is usable once
only and will ensure that the friend gets a home planet that is relatively
close to their home planet.

=head3 RETURNS

  {
    empire_id => 123
  }


=head2 found

Set up an empire on it's new home world. Once founded the species can no longer be
modified.

  {
    "empire_id" : "123",
    "api_key"   : "3564d04f-8c36-4717-aa8d-e680502e0ed5",
  }

=head3 empire_id (required)

The empire ID returned from the C<create> call.

=head3 api_key (required)

The client's unique API key, identifying it from all other clients. See 
L<ApiKeys> for details.

=head3 RETURNS

  {
    "session_id"            : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
    "welcome_message_id"    : "1234",
    "status"                : { ... }
  }

The C<welcome_message_id> is a message ID for a message in the inbox that starts
the tutorial. This is provided so that the user can be prompted to read the
message right away.


=head2 update_species

Update the empire's species, Can only be called after C<create> and before 
C<found>. Before or after that will throw an exception. If you have already
founded your empire then use C<redefine_species>. See also 
C<get_species_templates>

  {
    "name"                      : "Average",
    "description"               : "A race of average intellect, and weak constitution.',
    "min_orbit"                 : 3,
    "max_orbit"                 : 3,
    "manufacturing_affinity"    : 4,
    "deception_affinity"        : 4,
    "research_affinity"         : 4,
    "management_affinity"       : 4,
    "farming_affinity"          : 4,
    "mining_affinity"           : 4,
    "science_affinity"          : 4,
    "environmental_affinity"    : 4,
    "political_affinity"        : 4,
    "trade_affinity"            : 4,
    "growth_affinity"           : 4
  }

=head3 name (required)

The name of the species. Limited to 30 characters, cannot be blank, and cannot contain @, &, <, >, or ;. Required. 

=head3 description (required)

The species description. Limited to 1024 characters and cannot contain < or >.

=head3 min_orbit (required)

An integer between  between 1 and 7, inclusive, where 1 is closest to the star. Each value between C<species_min_orbit> and C<species_max_orbit>, inclusive, count as a point toward the max of 45. C<species_min_orbit> must be less than or equal to C<species_max_orbit>.

=head3 max_orbit (required)

An integer between  between 1 and 7, inclusive, where 1 is closest to the star. Each value between C<min_orbit> and C<max_orbit>, inclusive, count as a point toward the max of 45. C<max_orbit> must be greater than or equal to C<min_orbit>.

=head3 manufacturing_affinity (required)

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages manufactured goods, such as ships.

=head3 deception_affinity (required)

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in spying.

=head3 research_affinity (required)

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in upgrading buildings.

=head3 management_affinity (required)

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in the speed of building.

=head3 farming_affinity (required)

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in food production.

=head3 mining_affinity (required)

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in mineral production.

=head3 science_affinity (required)

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in energy, propultion, and other technologies.

=head3 environmental_affinity (required)

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in waste and water management.

=head3 political_affinity (required)

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in managing population happiness.

=head3 trade_affinity (required)

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in freight handling.

=head3 growth_affinity (required)

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in colonization.

=head3 RESPONSE

  {
    "update_species" : 1
  }



=head2 get_invite_friend_url

  {
    "session_id"    : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e"
  }

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 RESPONSE

Returns a URL that can be pasted into a blog, forum, or whatever to invite friends.

  {
    "status"        : { ... },
    "referral_url"  : "http://servername.lacunaexpanse.com/#referral=XXXX"
  }



=head2 invite_friend

  {
    "session_id"        : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
    "email"             : "friend1@example.com,friend2@somewhere.com",
    "custom_message"    : "Hi, come join me on this great game I found!"
  }

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 email (required)

The email address of your friend, or a comma separated string of email addresses.

=head3 custom_message (optional)

An optional text message that the user can type to invite their friend. This is the default message that will get sent if none is specified:

 I'm having a great time with this new game called Lacuna Expanse. Come play with me.

After the message, the user's empire name in the game, the friend code, and URI to the server will be attached.

=head3 RESPONSE

  {
    "status" : { ... },
    "sent" : [
      "you@example.com",
      ...
    ],
    "not_sent" : [
        {
            "address" : "joe@blow.com",
            "reason" : [ 1009, "Someone has already invited that user." ]
        },
       ...
    ]
  }


=head2 get_status

  {
    "session_id"        : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
  }

Returns information about the current state of the empire.

B<NOTE:> You should probably B<never> call this method directly, as it is a wasted call since the data it returns comes back in the status block of every relevant request. See L<Intro/"Status"> for details.

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 RESPONSE

  {
    "server" : { ... },
    "empire" : {
      "id" : "xxxx",
      "bodies" : {
        "colonies" : [
          # bodies are provided sorted by name already.
          { "id" : "xxxx", "name" : "...", "x": "#", "y": "#", "orbit": #, "empire_name": "your name", "empire_id": 12345 },
          ...
        ],
        "mystations" : [
          { "id" : "xxxx", "name" : "...", "x": "#", "y": "#", "orbit": #, "empire_name": "your name", "empire_id": 12345 },
          ...
        ],
        "ourstations" : [
          { "id" : "xxxx", "name" : "...", "x": "#", "y": "#", "orbit": #, "empire_name": "their name", "empire_id": 12346 },
          ...
        ],
        "babies" : {
          "baby name" : {
            "alliance_id" : 3, # key doesn't exist if not in alliance
            "id" : 12355, # empire ID
            "has_new_messages" : 30,
            "bodies" : [
              { "id" : "xxxx", "name" : "...", "x": "#", "y": "#", "orbit": #, "empire_name": "their name", "empire_id": 12346 },
              ...
            ],
        },
        "another baby name" : {
          "has_new_messages" : 30,
          "id" : 12884,
          "bodies" : [
            { "id" : "xxxx", "name" : "...", "x": "#", "y": "#", "orbit": #, "empire_name": "their name too", "empire_id": 12347 },
            ...
          ],
        }
      }
    },
    "colonies" : {
      "id-goes-here" : "Earth",
      "id-goes-here" : "Mars"
    },
    "rpc_count" : 321, # the number of calls made to the server
    "insurrect_value" : 100000,
    "is_isolationist" : 1, # hasn't sent out probes or colony ships
    "name" : "The Syndicate",
    "status_message" : "A spy's work is never done.",
    "home_planet_id" : "id-goes-here",
    "has_new_messages" : 4,
    "latest_message_id" : 1234,
    "essentia" : 0,
    "next_colony_cost" : 100000,
    "next_station_cost" : 1000000,
    "planets" : {
      "id-goes-here" : "Earth",
      "id-goes-here" : "Mars",
      "id-goes-here" : "Death Star"
    },
    "tech_level"           : 20,  # Highests level university has gotten to.
    "self_destruct_active" : 0,
    "self_destruct_date" : "",
    "stations" : {
      "id-goes-here" : "Death Star"
    },
    "primary_embassy_id" : 234567
  }
 }

Throws 1002.



=head2 get_own_profile

  {
    "session_id"        : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
  }

View your own profile, which includes some things not shown on the C<get_public_profile> method.

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 RESPONSE

  {
    "private_profile" : {
      "id"               : 1234,
      "name"             : "My Empire",
      "description"      : "description goes here",
      "status_message"   : "status message goes here",
      "medals" : [
        {
          "id"           : 1234,
          "name"         : "Built Level 1 Building",
          "image"        : "building1",
          "date"         : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
          "public" : 1,
          "times_earned" : 4
        },
            ...
      },
      "city"             : "Madison",
      "country"          : "USA",
      "notes"            : "notes go here",
      "skype"            : "joeuser47",
      "player_name"      : "Joe User",
      "skip_happiness_warnings"  : 0,
      "skip_resource_warnings"   : 0,
      "skip_pollution_warnings"  : 0,
      "skip_medal_messages"      : 0,
      "skip_facebook_wall_posts" : 0,
      "skip_found_nothing"       : 0,
      "skip_excavator_resources" : 0,
      "skip_excavator_glyph"     : 0,
      "skip_excavator_plan"      : 0,
      "skip_spy_recovery"        : 0,
      "skip_probe_detected"      : 0,
      "skip_attack_messages"     : 0,
      "email"            : "joe@example.com",
      "sitter_password"  : "abcdefgh"                   # never give out your real password, use the sitter password
    },
    "status" : { ... }
  }



=head2 edit_profile

 {
   "session_id"        : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
   "description"       : "mostly harmless",
   "email"             : "me@example.com",
   "sitter_password"   : "topSecret",
   "status_message"    : "On Tour",
   "city"              : "London",
   "country"           : "England",
   "notes"             : "this is a reminder",
   "skype"             : "",
   "player_name"       : "Joe Bloggs",
   "public_medals"     : [
      233,
      455,
      ...
   ],
   "skip_happiness_warnings"  : 0,
   "skip_resource_warnings"   : 0,
   "skip_pollution_warnings"  : 0,
   "skip_medal_messages"      : 0,
   "skip_facebook_wall_posts" : 0,
   "skip_found_nothing"       : 0,
   "skip_excavator_resources" : 0,
   "skip_excavator_glyph"     : 0,
   "skip_excavator_plan"      : 0,
   "skip_spy_recovery"        : 0,
   "skip_probe_detected"      : 0,
   "skip_attack_messages"     : 0,
 }

This will set one or more of your profile settings. For optional settings if you don't specify them
then the value will remain unchanged.

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 description (optional)

A description of the empire. Limited to 1024 characters and cannot contain < or >.

=head3 email (optional)

An email address that can be used for system functions like password recovery. Must either resemble an email address or be empty.

=head3 sitter_password (optional)

A password that can be safely given to account sitters and alliance members. Must be between 6 and 30 characters.

=head3 status_message (optional)

A message to indicate what you're doing, how you're feeling, or other status indicator. Limited to 100 characters, cannot be blank, and cannot contain @, &, <, >, or ;.

=head3 city (optional

An optional text string of the city in which the player resides. Limited to 100 characters and cannot contain @, &, <, >, or ;

=head3 country (optional

An optional text string of the country in which the player resides. Limited to 100 characters and cannot contain @, &, <, >, or ;

=head3 notes (optional

A text blob where the user can write down whatever they want to store in their account.  Limited to 1024 characters and cannot contain @, &, <, >, or ;

=head3 skype (optional

An optional text string of the username this player uses on skype. Limited to 100 characters and cannot contain @, &, <, >, or ;

=head3 player_name (optional

An optional text string of the real name or online identity of this player. Limited to 100 characters and cannot contain @, &, <, >, or ;

=head3 public_medals (optional

An array reference of medal ids that the user wishes to display in the public profile.

=head3 skip_happiness_warnings (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longer wants to receive messages about unhappy citizens.

B<WARNING>: These messages are there for your own protection. Turn off at your own risk.

=head3 skip_resource_warnings (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longer wants to receive messages about a lack of resources to keep their buildings running.

B<WARNING>: These messages are there for your own protection. Turn off at your own risk.

=head3 skip_pollution_warnings (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longer wants to receive messages about excess waste causing pollution.

B<WARNING>: These messages are there for your own protection. Turn off at your own risk.

=head3 skip_medal_messages (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longer wants to receive messages about the medals they've earned.

=head3 skip_facebook_wall_posts (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longer wants messages to be posted to their Facebook wall.

=head3 skip_found_nothing (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longer wants to receive messages when excavators find nothing.

=head3 skip_excavator_resources  (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longer wants to receive messages when excavators find resources.

=head3 skip_excavator_glyph  (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longer wants to receive messages when excavators find glyphs.

=head3 skip_excavator_plan  (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longer wants to receive messages when excavators find plans.

=head3 skip_spy_recovery  (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longer wants to receive spy recovery messages. ("I'm ready to work. What do you need from me?")

=head3 skip_probe_detected (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longers wants to receive messages when a probe is detected.

=head3 skip_attack_messages (optional

Defaults to 0. Set to 1 if the user no longers wants to receive messages about attacks.

=head3 RESPONSE

Edits properties of an empire. Returns the C<get_own_profile> method. See also the C<get_own_profile> and C<get_public_profile> methods.

Throws 1005, 1009.


=head2 get_public_profile

 {
   "session_id"     : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
   "empire_id"      : 345
 }

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 empire_id

The id of the empire for which you'd like to retrieve the public profile.

=head3 RESPONSE

 {
   "public_profile" : {
     "id"               : 1,
     "name"             : "Lacuna Expanse Corp",
     "description"      : "We are the original inhabitants of the Lacuna Expanse.",
     "status_message"   : "Looking for Essentia.",
     "colony_count"     : 1,
     "medals" : [
       {
         "id"           : 1234,
         "name"         : "Built Level 1 Building",
         "image"        : "building1",
         "date"         : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
         "public" : 1,
         "times_earned" : 4
       },
           ...
     },
     "city"             : "Madison",
     "country"          : "USA",
     "skype"            : "joeuser47",
     "player_name"      : "Joe User",
     "last_login"       : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
     "date_founded"     : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
     "species"          : "Lacunan",
     "alliance" : {
       "id"             : "2",
       "name"           : "The Confederacy"
     },
     "known_colonies" : [
       {
         "id"           : "3434",
         "x"            : "1",
         "y"            : "-543",
         "name"         : "Earth",
         "image"        : "p12-3"
       },
       ...
     ]
   },
   "status" : { ... }
 }

Throws 1002.



=head2 send_password_reset_message

 {
   "empire_id"      : 213,
   "empire_name"    : "My Empire",
   "email"          : "me@example.com"
 }

Parameters are all optional, select one of the three.

=head3 empire_id (optional)

The unique id of the empire to recover.

=head3 empire_name (optional)

The full name of the empire.

=head3 email (optional)

The email address associated with an empire.

=head3 RESPONSE

Starts a password recovery process by sending an email with a recovery key.



=head2 reset_password

 {
   "reset_key"  : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
   "password1"  : "topSecret",
   "password2"  : "topSecret",
   "api_key"    : "3564d04f-8c36-4717-aa8d-e680502e0ed5",
 }

Change the empire password that has been forgotten.
 
=head3 reset_key (required)

A key that was emailed to the user via the C<send_password_reset_message> method.

=head3 password1 (required)

The password to log in to the empire. Required. Must be between 6 and 30 characters.

=head3 password2 (required)

Retyping the password again. This must match C<password1> to succeed.

=head3 api_key (required)

Your client's unique API key, identifiying it from all other clients. See L<ApiKeys> for details.

=head3 RESPONSE

 {
   "session_id" : "id-goes-here",
   "status" : { ... }
 }



=head2 change_password

 {
   "session_id"         : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
   "password1"          : "topSecret",
   "password2"          : "topSecret",
 }

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 password1 (required)

The password to log in to the empire. Required. Must be between 6 and 30 characters.

=head3 password2 (required)

Retyping the password again. This must match C<password1> to succeed.

=head3 RESPONSE

 {
   "session_id" : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
   "status" : { ... }
 }


=head2 find

 {
   "session_id" : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
   "name"       : "Lacuna"
 }

Search for all empires that start with C<name>

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 name (required)

The name you are searching for. It's case insensitive, and partial names work fine. Must be at least 3 characters.

=head3 RESPONSE

Returns a hash reference containing empire ids and empire names. So if you searched for "Lacuna" you might get back a result set that looks like this:

 {
   "empires" : [
     {
       "id" : "1",
       "name" : "Lacuna Expanse Corp"
     },
     {    
       "id" : "365",
       "name" : "Lacuna Pirates"
     }
   ],
   "status" : { ... }
 }
 

=head2 set_status_message

 {
   "session_id" : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
   "message"    : "Searching for glyphs."
 }

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 message (required)

A message to indicate what you're doing, how you're feeling, or other status indicator. Limited to 100 characters, cannot be blank, and cannot contain @, &, <, >, or ;.


=head2 set_boost

Spend 5 essentia, and increase one type of boost on all planets for 7 days.
If a boost is already underway, calling it again will 7 more days.

  {
    "type"        : "food",
    "weeks"       : 1,
  }

=head3 type (required)

The type of boost, this is one of the following

=over

=item C<ore>

=item C<water>

=item C<energy>

=item C<food>

=item C<happiness>

=item C<storage>

=item C<building>

=item C<ship_build>

=item C<ship_speed>

=item C<spy_training>

=back

=head2 weeks (optional)

If specified, the number of weeks of boost to apply.

If not specified it defaults to 1


=head2 RESPONSE

  {
    "food_boost" : "01 31 2010 13:09:05 +0600",
    "status"     : { ... }
  }

Throws 1011.



=head2 get_boosts

 {
   "session_id" : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
 }

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 RESPONSE

Shows the dates at which boosts have expired or will expire. 
Boosts are subsidies applied to various resources using essentia.

 {
    "boosts" : {
        "food"          : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
        "ore"           : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
        "energy"        : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
        "water"         : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
        "happiness"     : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
        "storage"       : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
        "building"      : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
        "ship_build"    : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
        "ship_speed"    : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
        "spy_training"  : "2013 01 31 12:34:45 +0600",
    },
    "status" : { ... }
 }



=head2 enable_self_destruct ( session_id )

Enables a destruction countdown of 24 hours. Sometime after the timer runs out, the empire will vaporize.


=head3 RESPONSE

 {
    "status" : { ... }
 }



=head2 disable_self_destruct)

 {
   "session_id" : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
 }

Disables the self distruction countdown. 

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 RESPONSE

 {
    "amount" : ...,
    "status" : { ... }
 }



=head2 redeem_essentia_code

 {
   "session_id" : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
   "code"       : "3564d04f-8c36-4717-aa8d-e680502e0ed5",
 }

Redeems an essentia code and applies the essentia to the empire's balance.

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 code (required)

A 36 character string that was sent to the user via email.

=head3 RESPONSE

 {
    "status" : { ... }
 }



=head2 get_redefine_species_limits

 {
   "session_id" : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
 }

Defines the extra limits placed upon a user that want's to redefine their species.

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 RESPONSE

 {
    "status"                : { ... },
    "essentia_cost"         : 100,      # cost to redefine the species
    "species_max_orbit"     : 2,        # maximum settable orbit
    "species_min_orbit"     : 5,        # minimum settable orbit
    "species_min_growth"    : 4,        # minimum for growth affinity
    "can"                   : 0,        # whether or not they can redefine their species
    "reason"                : "You have already redefined your species in the past 30 days."
 }



=head2 redefine_species

  {
    "session_id"     : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e",
    "name"           : "Average",
    "description"    : "Not specializing in any area, but without any particular weaknesses.",
    "min_orbit"      : 3,
    "max_orbit"      : 3,
    "manufacturing"  : 4,
    "deception"      : 4,
    "research"       : 4,
    "management"     : 4,
    "farming"        : 4,
    "mining"         : 4,
    "science"        : 4,
    "environmental"  : 4,
    "political"      : 4,
    "trade"          : 4,
    "growth"         : 4
  }


Allows a user to spend essentia and redefine their species affinities, name, and description. 

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 For all other parameters, see C<create> method.

=head3 RESPONSE

See also C<redefine_species_limits>.

 {
    "status" : { ... }
 }
 
B<WARNING:> Once this is done it cannot be redone for 1 month, so make sure the user is aware of this and prompt them appropriately before submitting the request.
 
=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 params


=head2 get_species_stats

Returns a list of the stats associated with an empire's species as it was originally created. An empire can only view it's own species stats through this method.

 {
   "session_id" : "9eea6721-3326-4c1f-817d-a4e82b54818e"
 }

=head3 session_id (required)

A session id.

=head3 RESPONSE

 {
   "species" : {
Returns an array ref of species templates that can be used to help the user populate the form for C<update_species>.

 [
    {
       "name" : "Average", 
        "description" : "A race of average intellect, and weak constitution.',
        "min_orbit" : 3,
        "max_orbit" : 3,
        "manufacturing_affinity" : 4,
        "deception_affinity" : 4,
        "research_affinity" : 4,
        "management_affinity" : 4,
        "farming_affinity" : 4,
        "mining_affinity" : 4,
        "science_affinity" : 4,
        "environmental_affinity" : 4,
        "political_affinity" : 4,
        "trade_affinity" : 4,
        "growth_affinity" : 4
    },
    ...
 ]

=head2 view_authorized_sitters

Returns the currently authorized sitters for this baby.

 {
    "status" : { ... },
    "sitters" : [
      {
        "id" : 12345,
        "name" : "Some Empire",
        "expiry" : "2015-10-10 17:20:03"
      },
      ...
    ]
 }

=head2 authorize_sitters ( session_id, options )

Authorizes other empires to babysit your account.  Each authorisation will
be created if needed, and authorized for the full server-defined amount of
time.

Returns view of authorized sitters (see view_authorized_sitters) plus any
rejected IDs.

 {
    "status" : { ... },
    "auths" : [
      {
        id => ...,
        name => ...
      },
      ...
    ],
    "rejected_ids" : [ 57, "No Such Empire", ... ],
 }


=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 options

One or more of the following options:

=head4 allied

If true, all allies are automatically selected.

=head4 alliance

The name of another alliance all of whom are automatically selected.

=head4 alliance_id

The ID of another alliance all of whom are automatically selected.

=head4 empires

An array of IDs and/or names of specific empires being authorized.

=head4 revalidate_all

A quick method for selecting all currently-authorized empires to
extend their authorization period.

=head2 deauthorize_sitters ( session_id, options )

Remove sitters from being permitted to sit this account.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 options

One or more of the following options:

=head4 empires

An array of IDs (not names) of specific empires being removed.

=cut
