=head1 Inbox Methods

These methods are accessible via the C</inbox> URL.


=head2 view_inbox ( session_id, [ page_number ] )

Displays a list of the messages in the empire's inbox.

 {
    "messages" : [
        {
            "id" : "id-goes-here",
            "subject" : "Vaxaslim",
            "date" : "01 31 2010 13:09:05 +0600",
            "from" : "Dr. Stephen T. Colbert DFA",
            "has_read" : 1,
            "has_replied" : 0,
        }
    ],
    "status" : { get_status() }
 }
 
Throws 1002, 1006.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 page_number

An integer representing which page of the inbox you'd like to view. Defaults to C<1>.


=head2 view_archived ( session_id, [ page_number ])

Exactly the same as C<view_inbox> except that it shows archived messages instead.


=head2 view_sent ( session_id, [page_number] )

Exactly the same as C<view_inbox> except that it shows sent messages instead.


=head2 read_message ( session_id, message_id )

Retrieves a message. Marks it read if it hasn't been already.

 {
    "message" : {
        "id" : "id-goes-here",
        "from" : "Dr. Stephen T. Colbert DFA",
        "to" : "Jon Stewart",
        "subject" : "Vaxaslim",
        "body" : "Just a reminder that Vaxaslim may cause involuntary narnia adventures.",
        "date" : "01 31 2010 13:09:05 +0600",
        "has_read" : 1,
        "has_replied" : 0,
        "has_archived" : 0,
        "in_reply_to" : "",
        "recipients" : ["John Stewart"]
    },
    status  => { get_status() }
 }
 
C<recipients> is the complete list of users who received the message, whereas C<to> is the user that owns this particular copy of the message.
 
Throws 1002, 1006, 1010.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 message_id

A message_id that was returned using C<view_inbox> or one of the other view_ methods.


=head2 archive_messages ( session_id, message_ids )
 
Archives a list of messages. Returns:

 {
    "success" : 1,
    "status" : { get_status() }
 }

B<NOTE:> You cannot archive sent messages.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 message_ids

An array reference of message ids.


=head2 send_message ( session_id, recipients, subject, body, [ options ] )

Sends a message to other players. 

Throws 1002, 1005, 1006.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 recipients

A comma separated string of empire names.

=head3 subject

A subject for the message. It cannot contain any special characters, and must be less than 100 characters in length, and cannot contain &, @, ;, <, or >.

=head3 body

The body of the message. It cannot contain any special characters, and must be less than 200,000 characters in length, and cannot contain < or >.

=head3 options

A hash reference of extra options.

=head4 in_reply_to

If this message is in reply to another message, then set this option to the message id of the original message.
 
=cut