=head1 Intelligence Methods

Intelligence Ministry is accessible via the URL C</intelligence>.

The Intelligence Ministry is where you build and control your spies.

The list of methods below represents changes and additions to the methods that all L<Buildings> share.

=head2 view ( session_id, building_id )

 {
    "status" : { ... },
    "building" : { ... },
    "spies" : {
        "maximum" : 5,
        "current" : 1,
        "in_training" : 1,
        "training_costs" : {
            "food" : 100,
            "water" : 120,
            "energy" : 20,
            "ore" : 5,
            "waste" : 10,
            "time" : 60,
        }
    },
 }
 

=head2 train_spy ( session_id, building_id, [ quantity ])

Allows you to train more spies.

 {
    "status" : { ... },
    "trained" : 3,
    "not_trained" : 2,
    "reason_not_trained" : {
        "code" : 1011,
        "message" : "Not enough food to train a spy.",
    },
 }
 
The only reason C<not_trained> might be over 0 is if you specify training more spies than you have resources to spend in which case the reason_not_trained block will be included.

Throws 1013, 1009.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 building_id

The unique id of your Intelligence Ministry.

=head3 quantity

An integer between 1 and 5. Defaults to 1.





=head2 view_spies ( session_id, building_id, [ page_number ] )

Returns the list of spies you have on your roster.

 {
    "status" : { ... },
    "spies" : [
        {
            "id" : "id-goes-here",
            "name" : "Jason Bourne",
            "assignment" : "Idle",
            "possible_assignments" : [
                {
                    "task" : "Idle",
                    "recovery" : 0,
                    "skill" : "none"
                },
                {
                    "task" : "Counter Espionage",
                    "recovery" : 0,
                    "skill" : "*"
                },
                {
                    "task" : "Security Sweep",
                    "recovery" : 14400,        # in seconds
                    "skill" : "intel"
                },
                ...
            ],
            "level" : 9,
            "politics" : 0,                         # experience in handling happiness
            "mayhem" : 20,                          # experience in handling missions involving murder and destruction
            "theft" : 40,                           # experience in handling missions involving stealing items
            "intel" : 33,                           # experience in handling missions involving information and spies
            "offense_rating" : 570,
            "defense_rating" : 150,
            "assigned_to" : {
                "body_id" : "id-goes-here",
                "name" : "Earth",
                "x" : 40,
                "y" : -71
            },
            "based_from" : {
                "body_id" : "id-goes-here",
                "name" : "Earth",
                "x" : 40,
                "y" : -71
            },
            "is_available" : 1, # can be reassigned
            "available_on" : "01 31 2010 13:09:05 +0600", # if can't be reassigned, this is when will be available
            "started_assignment" : "01 31 2010 13:09:05 +0600",
            "seconds_remaining" : 45,
			"mission_count" : {
				"offensive" : 149,
				"defensive" : 149
			}
        },
        ...
    ],
    "spy_count" : 12
 }

Take a look at the C<assign_spy> method below for assignment descriptions.

B<NOTE:> If a spy is already recovering from a particular assignment, then C<possible_assignments> will return only that one assignment and the recovery time will be however much recovery time is remaining.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 building_id

The unique id of your Intelligence Ministry.

=head3 page_number

Defaults to 1. An integer representing which page to view. Shows 30 spies per page.

=head2 view_all_spies ( session_id, building_id )

Returns the list of spies you have on your roster from that Intelligence Ministy. Otherwise identical to view_spies.

=head2 subsidize_training ( session_id, building_id )

Will spend 1 essentia per spy to complete the training of all spies immediately. Returns C<view>.

Throws 1011.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 building_id

The unique id of the Intelligence Ministry.



=head2 burn_spy ( session_id, building_id, spy_id )

Allows you to eliminate one of your spies from your payroll.

 {
    "status" : { ... }
 }

Throws 1002, 1010

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 building_id

The unique id of your Intelligence Ministry.

=head3 spy_id

The unique id of the spy you wish to burn.


=head2 name_spy ( session_id, building_id, spy_id, name )

Set the name of the spy. Returns:

 {
    "status" : { ... }
 }
 
Throws 1002, 1005, 1013.

=head2 name_spies ( { session_id: session_id, building_id: building_id, prefix: "p", suffix: "s", rename_null_only: bool } )

Sets the name of (almost) all spies.  The new name of the spy will be of the form "p ## s" if both prefix and suffix are given, "p ##" if only prefix is given, and "## s" if only suffix is given.

If rename_null_only is given, only spies currently named "Agent Null" will be renamed.  If you want some spies set to specific values, and the rest can be given generic names, you can use this flag.

Note that spies that already have valid names according to the prefix and/or suffix given will not be renamed (unless they are duplicates).  If you've already got spy "p 08 s", that spy will not get renamed as long as "p" and "s" are given as prefix and suffix, respectively, and no new spy will get that name until the current "p 08 s" is retired and replaced.

Returns C<view_all_spies> plus a C<renamed> key with the count of spies renamed.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 building_id

The unique id of the intelligence building.

=head3 spy_id

The unique id of the spy you wish to train.

=head3 name

The name you'd like to set for the spy. The name cannot contain @, <, #, &, ; or profanity, and must be at least 1 character long.



=head2 assign_spy ( session_id, building_id, spy_id, assignment )

Set a spy on a new task.

 {
    "status" : { ... },
    "mission" : {
        "result" : "Failure",
        "message_id" : "id-goes-here",
        "reason" : "I'm under heavy fire over here!"
    },
    "spy" : {
        "id" : "id-goes-here",
        "name" : "Jason Bourne",
        "assignment" : "Idle",
        "possible_assignments" : [
            {
                "task" : "Idle",
                "recovery" : 0,
                "skill" : "none"
            },
            {
                "task" : "Counter Espionage",
                "recovery" : 0,
                "skill" : "*"
            },
            {
                "task" : "Security Sweep",
                "recovery" : 14400,        # in seconds
                "skill" : "intel"
            },
            ...
        ],
        "level" : 9,
        "politics" : 0,                         # experience in handling happiness
        "mayhem" : 20,                          # experience in handling missions involving murder and destruction
        "theft" : 40,                           # experience in handling missions involving stealing items
        "intel" : 33,                           # experience in handling missions involving information and spies
        "offense_rating" : 570,
        "defense_rating" : 150,
        "assigned_to" : {
            "body_id" : "id-goes-here",
            "name" : "Earth",
        },
        "is_available" : 1, # can be reassigned
        "available_on" : "01 31 2010 13:09:05 +0600", # if can't be reassigned, this is when will be available
        "started_assignment" : "01 31 2010 13:09:05 +0600",
        "seconds_remaining" : 45
    }
 }
 
The mission block allows you to give immediate feedback to the player. The C<result> types that can be sent back are:

=over

=item Accepted

This is provided when no immediate mission occurs. For example, if you set a spy to "Idle" or "Counter Espionage".

=item Success

This means a mission has occurred and came out in favor of the spy.

=item Bounce

This means a mission started, but was foiled and neither side won.

=item Failure

This means a mission occurred, but went so poorly that the defense got the upper hand and bested you.

=back

The C<reason> provides a message in sentence form about why a spy won or lost a mission. This message is related to the success or failure, not any outcome that results from that success or failure.

The C<message_id> refers to a message in the L<Inbox>. Providing this ID allows you to pop open the inbox to a specific message to display to the user. The message will tell you what the outcome of the mission is if any. Not all missions will provide a message_id.

=head3 session_id

A session id.

=head3 building_id

The unique id of your Intelligence Ministry.

=head3 spy_id

The unique id of the spy you wish to assign.

=head3 assignment

This can be either a hash (object) or a string.  If it's a string, it is
treated as a hash whose sole key is C<assignment> and the value is the string
given.  If it's a hash, it accepts the following keys:

=over 4

=item assignment

A string containing the new assignment name. These are the possible assignments:

=over

=item Idle

Don't do anything.

=item Bugout

Only visible on non-home planets.  Immediately has agent go to their home base via spypod.

=item Counter Espionage.

Passively defend against all attackers.

=item Security Sweep

Round up attackers.

=item Intel Training

Train in Intelligence skill

=item Mayhem Training

Train in Mayhem skill

=item Politics Training

Train in Politics skill

=item Theft Training

Train in Theft skill

=item Political Propaganda

Give happiness generation a boost.  Especially effective on unhappy colonies, but hastens an agent toward retirement. Only usuable on owned planets.

=item Gather Resource Intelligence

Find out what's up for trade, what ships are available, what ships are being built, where ships are travelling to, etc.

=item Gather Empire Intelligence

Find out what is built on this planet, the resources of the planet, what other colonies this Empire has, etc.

=item Gather Operative Intelligence

Find out what spies are on this planet, where they are from, what they are doing, etc.

=item Hack Network 19

Attempts to besmirch the good name of the empire controlling this planet, and deprive them of a small amount of happiness.

=item Sabotage Probes

Destroy probes controlled by this empire.

=item Rescue Comrades

Break spies out of prison.

=item Sabotage Resources

Destroy ships being built, docked, en route to mining platforms, etc.

=item Appropriate Resources

Steal empty ships, ships full of resources, ships full of trade goods, etc.

=item Assassinate Operatives

Kill spies.

=item Sabotage Infrastructure

Destroy buildings.

=item Sabotage Defenses

Destroy buildings that are used in defense.

=item Sabotage BHG

Prevent enemy planet from using Black Hole Generator.

=item Incite Mutiny

Turn spies. If successful they come work for you.

=item Abduct Operatives

Kidnap a spy and bring him back home.

=item Appropriate Technology

Steal plans for buildings that this empire has built, or has in inventory.

=item Incite Rebellion

Obliterate the happiness of a planet. If done long enough, it can shut down a planet.

=item Incite Insurrection

Steal a planet.

=back

B<NOTE:> You can do bad things to allies using these assignments.

=item noempty

For C<Security Sweep>s, a true value here indicates that you do not want
an email when there are no spies found.  Emails when spies are found, or
when the mission fails will still be posted.

=back

=cut
