=head1 Species Methods

The following methods are available from C</species>.

=head2 is_name_available ( name ) 

Returns a 1 if the name is available, or throws an exception if it is not.

Throws 1000.

=head3 name

The name of the species to search for.



=head2 create ( empire_id, params ) 

Creates a species and then returns the id of the new species. The species will also be attached to the empire. If you call this method again before founding the empire, then the old species will be deleted and the new one will be attached to this empire.

Throws 1000, 1002, 1005, 1007, 1008, 1009, and 1010. The C<data> parameter will contain the field name that needs to be adjusted, if it can be attributed to a single field.

=head3 empire_id

The id of the empire you wish to create a species for.

=head3 params

A hash reference of parameters. With the exception of name and description, the parameters are all integers. When added together they must equal 45. 

=head4 name

The name of the species to create. Limited to 30 characters, cannot be blank, and cannot contain @, &, <, >, or ;. Required. 

=head4 description

The password to log in to the empire. Limited to 1024 characters and cannot contain < or >.

=head4 habitable_orbits

Any array reference of integers. The integers must be between 1 and 7, inclusive, where 1 is closest to the star. The integers must be consecutive. At least one integer must be in the array. For this attribute, each of the elements in the array count as a point rather than the integers themselves.

=head4 manufacturing_affinity

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages manufactured goods, such as ships.

=head4 deception_affinity

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in spying.

=head4 research_affinity

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in upgrading buildings.

=head4 management_affinity

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in the speed of building.

=head4 farming_affinity

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in food production.

=head4 mining_affinity

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in mineral production.

=head4 science_affinity

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in energy, propultion, and other technologies.

=head4 environmental_affinity

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in waste and water management.

=head4 political_affinity

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in managing population happiness.

=head4 trade_affinity

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in freight handling.

=head4 growth_affinity

An integer between 1 and 7 inclusive, where 7 is best. Determines species advantages in colonization.



=head2 set_human ( empire_id )

Returns 1 on success. Sets an empire's species to human. You only need to call this method if the user has already created a custom species, and then decides to switch back to human as human is the default species assigned to an empire when it is created.

Throws 1002 and 1010.

=head3 empire_id

The empire to set the species.


=head2 view_stats ( session_id )

Returns a list of the stats associated with an empire's species as it was originally created. An empire can only view it's own species stats throught his method.

 {
    "name" : "Human",
    "description" : "The descendants of Earth.",
    "habitable_orbits" : [3],
    "manufacturing_affinity" : 4,
    "deception_affinity" : 4,
    "research_affinity" : 4,
    "management_affinity" : 4,
    "farming_affinity" : 4,
    "mining_affinity" : 4,
    "science_affinity" : 4,
    "environmental_affinity" : 4,
    "political_affinity" : 4,
    "trade_affinity" : 4,
    "growth_affinity" : 4
 }

=cut
